What is your earliest memory?
If you could choose a brand new name for yourself, what would it be?
If you could learn one skill instantly, what would it be?
If you were to write a book, what would it be about?
If you suddenly had powers of invisibility, what would you use them for?
What is the best business idea you have ever had?
If you had to live as an animal for one year, which one would you choose and why?
If you could un-invent one thing, what would it be?
What is the most bizarre wrong number text or phone call you ever received?
What is a behavior that you find strangely endearing or attractive?
If you could read the mind of one celebrity, who would it be?
What is the most unbelievable-yet-true excuse you have ever had for being late?
What is your favorite word to say out loud?
If you could eliminate one word from the English language, what would it be?
What is something that strangers often incorrectly assume about you?
What is the most thoughtful present you have ever received?
What is the wildest thing that ever happened at a wedding you attended?
What is your favorite simple pleasure?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is the oddest way you ever accidentally hurt yourself?
What is the best commercial you have ever seen?
Somebody gives you billboard space for free. What do you put on it?
What is a song that immediately takes you back to a particular moment in your life?
What is a smell you associate with your childhood?
What is a unique tradition your family had?
What is a fictional food you would most like to try?
What was something that wound up being totally different than you imagined it to be?
What is one trend you wish would come back in style?
Do you think you could live in outer space for a year?
Do you think you could live in a plastic bubble at the bottom of the sea for one year?
If money were no object, what outrageous luxury would you add to your house?
What villain do you secretly cheer for?
If you could make up a new holiday, what would it be?
What kind of baby animal would you most love to be surrounded by?
If you could have any animal as a pet, which one would you choose?
What is your Harry Potter house?
What is the strangest coincidence that ever happened to you?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is one thing people would never guess about you?
What is a story you love to tell, but hardly ever get a chance to?
What is an unpopular opinion you hold?
What is your favorite movie or TV show to quote at random?
What album can you listen to again and again without getting sick of it?
What book changed your life?
What is one dealbreaker you have on a first date?
What is the strangest thing you ever did in high school?
Have you ever fallen for a scam? If so, what was it?
What was the most outrageous lie you believed as a child?
What activity do you waste the most time on?
What technology are you most hooked on?
If you could donate $100,000 to any philanthropic cause or charity organization, which one would you choose and why?
What is a product or service you are willing to spend more money on to get better quality?
Who is the most interesting person you know?
Have you ever lost a bet? What was it? What were the consequences?
What is something that never fails to make you laugh?
What do you believe is overrated?
What do you believe is underrated?
If you could watch any movie again for the first time, what would you watch?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
What country would you most like to visit?
What is one hobby you would like to try?
What is the best social psychology trick you know?
What is the most random thing you have cried about?
Who is the worst roommate you have ever had?
What item do you collect?
What is your favorite photograph of all time?
What word do you use most often?
What is the nicest compliment you ever received?
What was the last show you binge watched?
What is the most fascinating fact you know?
What is the most interesting thing you heard or read in the news lately?
What is your favorite kind of weather?
What is your greatest new discovery?
What is the most uncomfortable sensation?
What is something childish that you enjoy?